He had been a farmer, he struggled to remember, inconsequential to the world, a lowly labourer. 

There was a woman, his heart whispered. Princess of a kingdom long forgotten, standing against an
 evil omen. Virtuous she was or was she more beautiful?  Was it infatuation or love noumenal? 

A single sight was all it took, in a morning like any other, his whole world shook. They say love stills
the world, yes he was stilled. They say love kills you, his eyes were killed. 

His life had been of menial labour, his path obscure, existence demure, he lived alone with nought
ardour. What right had he of such a desire, what strength had he to fan such fire? 

Yet as he laid eyes on her, in the sun kissed meadow, chased around by a lowly shadow, he could
feel inside, the sparking ember. He could feel the strength she emanated, yet he saw the tender soul
still waited, too soft to quell this child of darkness, it peeved her in fun with naive ignorance.

He stood frozen, enamoured in emotion, logic forgotten, he felt feelings in motion. How could one
change so much in mere moments; how could someone unhinge so in instant. All it had taken was a wayward vision.

He willed to move but stood clammed up, he should have come forth and protected her, should
have been brave like a knight in armour. All he did was revel in her beauty, hooked as he was in her
vulnerability.  The shadow hadn’t been of much clout, it shouldn’t be hard to be driven out.  No, he did not save her, his decisions were taut.
Her escort came to defend her honour, strong and noble, leaking power. The difference there was for all to see, who the coward was and who was gutsy.  What virtue had he to stand in her presence? What had he done but stand there in hesitance?
 
She walked away with an indulgent smile, unknown to her, a soul in beguile. 
The reverie was broken, from dreams awoken, he moved with new purpose, over each dead carcass. The will to fight ran anew, inside him undaunted, his needs unwanted, the lust for life was bid adieu.
