They had met more than that single affair, this time he dared more than a stare.

The tumultuous war spread like plague, it wasn’t long before he felt them invade. The heathen monsters trickled in, a prelude to something sinister at foot, a darkness was seen at horizon rising. Matters were still in their infancy, any warning heard was thought pure lunacy. The strong gathered around and stood their ground, the trial hardly took a fist pound.  They made it a game, a fight for fame, losers mantled the burdened shame. 

He was there amidst the deadly ensemble, a weakling , struggling ignorant seedling.

She looked at him as she looked before, knew his heart and for whom it soar. She chose him among the countless warriors, the ones who may be of finer mettle, for a sport where even the tough felt brittle; overwhelmed he was, felt weaker than a cripple. It felt a test to prove his best; he resolved to haul them towards the crest.

Reality was a harsh mistress, it showed no sympathy towards his distress, the harder he tried , he felt fault more astride, the monsters were weak but he was weaker, victory aside, even his life grew bleaker.  There was little reason for his survival; within her eyes he saw even his pride in deprival. He fought hard in struggle, but was still a worm in squiggle, he bought forth his every might, devoting himself and all the fight, yet still the result was in his loss, he turned around and she wasn’t even cross.  Silently she moved away, he was nothing she now knew, just another existence with an insight long overdue.

He watched her walk with a heavy heart, cursing the worthlessness, desperate for strength, not knowing where to start. 

As he looked away to find a torn piece of cloth, a remnant of her silent departure, a reminder of his internal torture, soiled it was like his own pride, discarded, unwanted, without tears, it still appeared to cry. Pitiful it was for him to relate, his luck to that of this cloth’s fate. It was a part of her royal garment, a part she would never miss, about which never she would really know, though his feelings for this petty cloth were still too ardent.

You may think the strong are a cruel lot, but strength was taken to protect those close, those without are bound to impose. Yes he was alone, had always been, averse to fights, for burden none too keen.

The pain he felt still throbbed too much, the cloth he held was drowned in crimson smudge; he fought still like a man possessed, disgrace of that day still abreast.
